Despite the advice and counsel that the organisation has given, we decided the safe course with
social media was just to forbid everything. This didn't work. It caused some friction.
We didn't show a great deal on the standing.
Well, personally for me, racing my children is very difficult because my husband is not
a witness. With my older son, I had a problem when he started dating a girl. When I found
out, I was very irritated with him because I had told him where and we always talked
and now, suddenly, he sat indifferently.
We decided to flee because of the war. That is why we went to the refugee camp. The problem
we had was that my son started to imitate the bad conduct of the non-witness young ones.
Our neighbours, so he needed a lot of help.
We've really benefited from taking the heart, the counsel, the brothers have given to be
reasonable with our children, trying to understand their point of view, and trying to help them
to draw close to Jehovah. It's no good just trying to say what they should do all the time
without listening to their needs.
And so we agreed that if we stay within boundaries of Bible principles, that she could use some
forms of social media and of course the reaction was good.
For me, James won 19, helped me a lot because there, it mentions that we should be quick
to listen, slow to speak and slow to anger. So I realised that I should have listened
to my son first and calm myself down and not gotten upset like I did.
It's good to apologise when we make mistakes as parents because it will help our children
in return to realise the mistakes they are making. We are closer and we feel more comfortable
talking to each other about things.
There were other activities in the camp, but we always found time to have our family
study. We had a few older books and magazines that we had taken when we fled the war and
we used these older publications during our family study.
Usually what we do, my wife and I, is if there is a problem we discuss it together and
prepare how we can teach our children. The problem we had was that my son started to
imitate the bad conduct of the non-witness young ones, our neighbours, so he needed a
lot of help. But after meditating on this, I realised instead of punishing him, I needed
to reason with him patiently to explain the dangers.